<span  style="font-family: Simsun,serif; font-size: 17px; ">

[TOC]

This section describes how to develop a small “Hello World!” web application that highlights some of Spring Boot’s key features. We use Maven to build this project, since most IDEs support it.

#### POM

We need to start by creating a Maven pom.xml file. The pom.xml is the recipe that is used to build your project. Open your favorite text editor and add the following:

~~~xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 https://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
    <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

    <groupId>com.example</groupId>
    <artifactId>myproject</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>

    <parent>
        <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-parent</artifactId>
        <version>2.5.3</version>
    </parent>

    <!-- Additional lines to be added here... -->

</project>
~~~

Spring Boot provides a number of “Starters” that let you add jars to your classpath.  Our applications for smoke tests use the spring-boot-starter-parent in the parent section of the POM.  The spring-boot-starter-parent is a special starter that provides useful Maven defaults.  It also provides a dependency-management section so that you can omit version tags for “blessed” dependencies.

Other “Starters” provide dependencies that you are likely to need when developing a specific type of application. Since we are developing a web application, we add a spring-boot-starter-web dependency. Before that, we can look at what we currently have by running the following command:

~~~
$ mvn dependency:tree

[INFO] com.example:myproject:jar:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT

~~~

The mvn dependency:tree command prints a tree representation of your project dependencies. You can see that spring-boot-starter-parent provides no dependencies by itself. To add the necessary dependencies, edit your pom.xml and add the spring-boot-starter-web dependency immediately below the parent section:

~~~
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
~~~

If you run mvn dependency:tree again, you see that there are now a number of additional dependencies, including the Tomcat web server and Spring Boot itself.

#### Writing the Code

To finish our application, we need to create a single Java file. By default, Maven compiles sources from src/main/java, so you need to create that directory structure and then add a file named src/main/java/MyApplication.java to contain the following code:

~~~java
@RestController
@EnableAutoConfiguration
public class MyApplication {

    @RequestMapping("/")
    String home() {
        return "Hello World!";
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(MyApplication.class, args);
    }

}
~~~

#### The @RestController and @RequestMapping Annotations

The first annotation on our MyApplication class is @RestController.  This is known as a stereotype annotation.  It provides hints for people reading the code and for Spring that the class plays a specific role.  In this case, our class is a web @Controller, so Spring considers it when handling incoming web requests.

The @RequestMapping annotation provides “routing” information.  It tells Spring that any HTTP request with the / path should be mapped to the home method.  The @RestController annotation tells Spring to render the resulting string directly back to the caller.

#### The @EnableAutoConfiguration Annotation

The second class-level annotation is @EnableAutoConfiguration.  This annotation tells Spring Boot to “guess” how you want to configure Spring, based on the jar dependencies that you have added.  Since spring-boot-starter-web added Tomcat and Spring MVC, the auto-configuration assumes that you are developing a web application and sets up Spring accordingly.（第二个类级注释是@EnableAutoConfiguration。 这个注释告诉Spring Boot根据您添加的jar依赖项“猜测”您想要如何配置Spring。 由于Spring -boot-start -web添加了Tomcat和Spring MVC，自动配置假定您正在开发一个web应用程序，并相应地设置Spring。  ）

Auto-configuration is designed to work well with “Starters”, but the two concepts are not directly tied. You are free to pick and choose jar dependencies outside of the starters. Spring Boot still does its best to auto-configure your application.

#### main method

The final part of our application is the main method.  This is a standard method that follows the Java convention for an application entry point.  Our main method delegates to Spring Boot’s SpringApplication class by calling run.  SpringApplication bootstraps our application, starting Spring, which, in turn, starts the auto-configured Tomcat web server.  We need to pass MyApplication.class as an argument to the run method to tell SpringApplication which is the primary Spring component.  The args array is also passed through to expose any command-line arguments.(应用程序的最后一部分是主方法。 这是一个标准方法，它遵循应用程序入口点的Java约定。 我们的主方法通过调用run来委托给Spring Boot的SpringApplication类。 SpringApplication会引导我们的应用程序，启动Spring，而Spring又会启动自动配置的Tomcat web服务器。 我们需要将MyApplication.class作为参数传递给run方法，告诉SpringApplication哪个是主Spring组件。 args数组也被传递以公开任何命令行参数。  )

### Runing the example

At this point, your application should work. Since you used the spring-boot-starter-parent POM, you have a useful run goal that you can use to start the application. Type mvn spring-boot:run from the root project directory to start the application. You should see output similar to the following:

~~~
$ mvn spring-boot:run

  .   ____          _            __ _ _
 /\\ / ___'_ __ _ _(_)_ __  __ _ \ \ \ \
( ( )\___ | '_ | '_| | '_ \/ _` | \ \ \ \
 \\/  ___)| |_)| | | | | || (_| |  ) ) ) )
  '  |____| .__|_| |_|_| |_\__, | / / / /
 =========|_|==============|___/=/_/_/_/
 :: Spring Boot ::  (v2.5.3)
....... . . .
....... . . . (log output here)
....... . . .
........ Started MyApplication in 2.222 seconds (JVM running for 6.514)
~~~

If you open a web browser to localhost:8080, you should see the following output:

~~~
Hello World!
~~~

To gracefully exit the application, press ctrl-c.

### Creating an Executable Jar

We finish our example by creating a completely self-contained executable jar file that we could run in production.  Executable jars (sometimes called “fat jars”) are archives containing your compiled classes along with all of the jar dependencies that your code needs to run.（我们通过创建一个完全自包含的可执行jar文件来完成我们的示例，这个jar文件可以在生产环境中运行。 可执行jar(有时称为“胖jar”)是包含已编译类以及代码运行所需的所有jar依赖项的归档文件。  ）

*Java does not provide a standard way to load nested jar files (jar files that are themselves contained within a jar). This can be problematic if you are looking to distribute a self-contained application.*


*Spring Boot takes a different approach and lets you actually nest jars directly.（Spring Boot采用了一种不同的方法，允许直接嵌套jar。  ）*

To create an executable jar, we need to add the spring-boot-maven-plugin to our pom.xml.  To do so, insert the following lines just below the dependencies section:

~~~xml
<build>
    <plugins>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-boot-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        </plugin>
    </plugins>
</build>
~~~

*The spring-boot-starter-parent POM includes <executions> configuration to bind the repackage goal. If you do not use the parent POM, you need to declare this configuration yourself. See the plugin documentation for details.*





---

- shortcut 捷径
- generates 生成
- recipe 感觉是模板的意思
- stereotype 老套，原型
- hints 暗示，提示
- render 提供，回报
- directly 直接
- assumes 假定
- concepts 概念
- convention 惯例
- entry 入口
- delegates 代表
- bootstraps 引导程序
- in turn 转而，轮流，依次
- argument 参数
- primary 主要的
- component 组件
- passed 传过，传递
- through  穿过
- gracefully 优雅的，温文地
- self-contained 独立的
- production 生产
- problematic 有疑问的，不确定的
- approach 方式
- actually 实际上
- nest 窝，嵌套
- declare 声明
- original 原来
- 



</span>